Update storage docs for ink! v4 (#137)
paritytech/ink-docs: versioned_docs/version-4.0.0-alpha.1/datastructures/overview.md

slug: /datastructures/overview
---

The `ink_storage` crate acts as the standard storage library for ink! smart contracts.
At the moment it provides two primitives for interacting with storage, 
[`Mapping`](https://docs.rs/ink_storage/4.0.0-beta/ink_storage/struct.Mapping.html)
and [`Lazy`](https://docs.rs/ink_storage/4.0.0-beta/ink_storage/struct.Lazy.html).

`Mapping` is a mapping of key-value pairs directly to the contract storage. It is very 
similar to traditional hash tables and comparable to the `mapping` type Solidity offers.
As a core ingredient to the ink! language, its main advantage is being simple and 
lightweight. However, it does not provide any high-level functionality, such as iteration 

> or automatic clean-up. Smart contract authors will need to implement any high level 

Reviewer: How do you mean "automatic clean-up" here? I'm asking because we remove the storage entry on calls of `Mapping::remove` and `Mapping::take`, which is my understanding of an automatic clean-up.

Author: Hmm yes true, I overlooked this as I just took it on from the existing version. Need to go over this again

Author: It also now came to my attention that here we provide iteration as something that can be implement but later I say it is not advisable :monkey:

Author: I made an effort to document how our storage works to a full extend, please have a look again

slug: /datastructures/overview
---

The `ink_storage` crate acts as the standard storage library for ink! smart contracts.
At the moment it provides two primitives for interacting with storage, 
[`Mapping`](https://docs.rs/ink_storage/4.0.0-beta.1/ink_storage/struct.Mapping.html)
and [`Lazy`](https://docs.rs/ink_storage/4.0.0-beta.1/ink_storage/struct.Lazy.html).

`Mapping` is a mapping of key-value pairs directly to the contract storage. It is very 
similar to traditional hash tables and comparable to the `mapping` type Solidity offers.
As a core ingredient to the ink! language, its main advantage is being simple and 

> lightweight: It favors being efficient in terms of gas costs and code size 

Reviewer 2: It is not totally true. All types from the `ink::prelude` are packed, which means we need fully load them into memory. The purpose of the `Mapping` is to allow storing a lot of values=) And because we don't load all entries of the mapping into memory, we can't provide some advanced API.

Author: Hmm, I see your point. But currently, we only provide a friction of the API in comparison with the stdlib HashMap. I'll try to rephrase this sentence :-)

Author: > The purpose of the Mapping is to allow storing a lot of values

This is actually a very good point that was missing before. I added it as well :100:

over providing a lot of advanced high-level functionality found in other implementations 

> like the `HashMap` type from the Rust `std` library.

Reviewer 2: Oh, we don't need to mention `std`. We don't have `std` in the contracts=D

```suggestion
like the `ink::prelude::collections::HashMap` type from the standard Rust.
```

Reviewer 2: Seems it is not resolved=)

Overall, the ink! `Mapping` will be solid choice for most contracts.

> `Lazy` is a wrapper type that can be used over any other storage compatible type. This  allows smart contract developers fine grained manual control over the layout of the 
> contract storage. For example, it can be used to prevent the contract from eagerly 
> loading large storage fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Lazy` is a wrapper type that can be used over any other storage compatible type. 
This allows smart contract developers fine grained manual control over the layout of 
the contract storage by assigning a separate storage cell for the field. For example, 
it can be used to prevent the contract from eagerly loading large storage fields 
during each contract call.
```
